[Music]
hello internet and welcome to a
particularly blessed episode of screen
piece a series in which I waste my
precious valuable time on earth
complaining about things which are so
trivial that it might give you cause to
rethink your own life if you find
yourself in agreement with me so we've
all sat there performing the daily
ritual of flicking through the same
twenty titles that Netflix is
persistently trying to force us to watch
it let's to just recategorize these same
few things in a vaguely different order
in the hopes that we might get confused
and actually choose to watch some of
that self-produced tossed we all know
that trending now popular on Netflix and
top picks for you are all the same thing
Netflix you aren't fooling anyone by
just slightly changing the order of the
thumbnails stop hiding all of the good
stuff behind this insurmountable wall of
garbage and please update your user
interface to make discovery easier you
waste so much menu space on repeats and
other unnecessary things like continue
watching I mean if it's a show I've
watched several episodes off then fine
sure maybe I'll carry on watching it but
if it's a movie that I watched 10
minutes of two years ago you can be
absolutely certain that I'm not
interested in watching the rest of it
I've clearly turned it off because it
sucks I'm not thinking oh yeah this
movie is great but I think I might just
pause it and watch the rest in 2022 and
then there's watch again I'm not a telly
tubby Netflix you criticize Zombieland
for using out-of-date reference humor
and now you're doing the exact same
thing oh [__] yeah I suppose that is
quite hypocritical of me what if I write
a bit that acknowledges this but also
shows that I'm self-aware oh then that's
absolutely fine fine I'm not a telly
tubby Netflix nor do I have the memory
of a sieve why on earth would I want to
re-watch any of the movies that I
already saw this week and please add a
function to allow users to manually
remove things from the menus I'm never
going to watch Riverdale
I must have scrolled past it a thousand
times at this point I don't care how
many times you show it to me and I don't
care how many new episodes you managed
to pull out of your ass I'm not
interested
but I do care when your menu starts Auto
playing the damn trailer at full volume
if I get distracted for a single second
our story is about a town [__] you're so
desperate for attention and needy
Netflix take a chill
just give us a not interested in this
button please I beg you and there's far
too much cursing violence drugs nudity
and sinfulness in the broad variety of
shows and movies you have available on
your platform all from a wide range of
backgrounds and perspectives
it's disgusting really I just can't
handle all of this diversity oh I just
wish there was a different streaming
platform that wasn't as complicated and
scary where I could watch the same one
guy be the hero in basically everything
surely there must be a service that
gives me access to the latest and best
faith and family content with a huge
catalogue of christ-centered movies at
the click of a button you're talking
about pure flix aren't you yeah oh man I
only know about it because the blood
suckers that created it are on the short
list to join me downstairs the big guy
really can't stand anyone who takes
advantage of others faith for their own
personal games it's one of the few
things me an old beardy boy up there
actually see eye to eye on you know it's
funny cuz they're all under the illusion
that they've got an express ticket up
because they're spreading the good word
when in reality I've already built a
special place down there
just for that hmm what have you got
planned let's just say I've started my
own streaming platform and I've written
a few sitcom scripts of my own for these
guys to act out forever
anyway I gotta get out of here for a
while the last time I saw pure flix
content I had a bathe in acid for a
month just to get all the holy off of me
yes that's right today we're talking
about pure flix the Christian
alternative to Netflix which is the
brainchild of married Saints and most
likely lizard people andrea logan and
david AR white
it's a streaming service which provides
a range of entirely christ-centered
content which is completely safe from
the threat of any recognizable forms of
quality featuring a selection of
different content types which all
display a level of incompetence that has
rarely been seen before and a good chunk
of which stars boss lizard David in the
leading role he's the prolific Tommy
wiser of Jesus movies and this entire
fantastic library could all be yours for
the low fee of five ninety-nine a month
yes you heard me right not only as the
variety and quality much less than
Netflix but it's also more expensive
than its amoral cousin and so today
we'll be taking a look at some of the
choice cuts from this glorious platform
to see just how awful it truly is Oh
what the hell so it appears that pure
flix doesn't actually work in the UK hmm
good job today's video is sponsored by
North Vee PN I'll just fire up trusty
Nord VPN and pick one of these super
fast servers from the 60 plus countries
available well obviously I'm going to
pick United States for this particular
task but if say I wanted to pretend that
I wasn't locked in my basement right now
when I should be on holiday in Italy I
could and just like that within seconds
I'm now apparently sat in New York and
have full access to be previously
unavailable pure flix
great I'm actually super happy Nord with
en sponsor today's videos I've been a
customer of theirs for almost a year now
and I do genuinely use this product
every day aside from unlocking regional
specific content on actually good
streaming platforms it also uses double
data encryption and doesn't log any data
itself so whenever I'm working remotely
from a coffee shop or cafe and using
public Wi-Fi
I feel confident knowing that some
greasy hacker man isn't squatting
outside and stealing all of my precious
data
they also offer a 30-day money-back
guarantee so you've really got nothing
to lose by trying it out for yourself
you can get 70% off nord VPN using my
link down in the description or use
coupon code cynic snacks with this offer
it works out at 3:40 know in a month
plus you get an additional month for
free and it's thanks to nord VPN that we
can actually get onto pure flix right
now and have the holy experience that we
all deserve now although I was baptized
as a child I strayed from the path of
holiness many years ago and have never
had any intention of returning but the
quality of content on this platform is
so utterly dire that it's even made me
reconsider and pray to our sweet lord
jesus christ that something is done like
this wrong obviously recognize that
there's a gap in the market that needs
filling but i hope and pray that
somebody else comes along and actually
does a decent job of providing content
for people of faith because this is
horseshit
now credit where credit is due there's
actually some okay children's content on
pure flix like Bible man which I don't
even need to attest to its quality you
can quite clearly see for yourself that
this show is [__] awesome
then there's other absolute howlers like
a skate dog which [__] I should probably
give this one its own episode of junk
film review because wow this is a
blessed piece of trash clearly one of
those ideas that got greenlit by a
clueless executive on the basis of a
single viral internet video a
skateboarding dog really they even
managed to underhandedly vangel an
endorsement from the Birdman himself yes
Tony Hawk appears in this dog [__] movie
for less than twenty seconds and they
didn't even mic him up
you can barely hear what he says did he
even know he was going to be in a movie
oh I can't watch anyway if skateboarding
is a bit too extreme and anti-social for
your tastes there's actually an entire
section of the menu dedicated to dog
movies specifically which is quite sweet
I guess nothing quite like watching
hundreds of hours of badly edited dog
mouths but there's also a section
dedicated to horse movies too there's a
real tangible aura of whiteness
surrounding it splat flicks is also
dipped its toe in the stand-up comedy
pool and created a series of comedy
specials which feature clean only
comedians all delivering the kind of
diluted flavorless jokes you'd expect
from an act at a child's birthday party
now I'm not saying jokes have to be
crass or offensive in order to be funny
but it would definitely help especially
when the comedy Arsenal on display here
boils down to people pulling stupid
faces and telling Fat Joe oh ha ha ha
don't worry though the distinct lack of
quality is masked quite convincingly by
an audience of adults who seem to be so
desperately trying to prove they're
having a great time that they'll laugh
at literally anything
[Laughter]
murder again but if you're more of a
serious type of Christian than perhaps
pretending to laugh isn't for you and
you'd like to watch some extremely
biased debates between two people who
already share the exact same viewpoint
in which case why not try pure talk
answering atheists where they don't
actually get any atheists in to have a
fair discussion they just present the
flimsiest version of an atheists
argument and then take the completely
free opportunity to absolutely dunk on
them
checkmate atheism they take it in turns
to destroy the cue of straw men that
they've lined up for themselves and then
congratulate each other for being so
smart and incredible pretty strange that
despite being vehemently opposed to
homosexuality it would appear that the
men in this series have no issue at all
with sucking each other's dicks in a
holy way my favorite guest is this man
who claims that when he was younger he
was a rap artist I was a rap artist
signed with a big producer and was on
his way to the big time that was on my
way to the big time however when he
became a gang member with the Crips I
had this rebellious streak in me but I'd
become a gang member with the Crips yeah
okay he had he had a moment of Awakening
and accepted Christ into his life
forever wow that's such an incredible
story I truly believe that this buzzcut
brown shoe wearing ass was a member of
the [__] Crips he then goes on to
condone biblical slavery although he
admits that it's not ideal it wasn't
ideal and then says homosexuality being
illegal is completely acceptable
completely acceptable and the
enforcement of capital punishment for
such a crime punishment for
homosexuality capital punishment is
perfect holy and just and it was perfect
it was holy and it was just gee I'm sure
glad my children aren't subject to any
of the nasty curse words present in a
show on Netflix rich son of a [__]
thankfully they're free from all of the
corruption that that would surely cause
I can relax in the knowledge that
they're safely learning the pure and
wholesome values of being violently
bigoted towards others in a holy way if
killing the gays isn't your sort of
thing but you are a more action-oriented
supplicant pure flix has you covered and
have produced some ripoff versions of
other popular shows and movies you don't
need to watch the unholy and depraved
sons of anarchy which tells the story of
bikers getting into fights and shooting
people when instead you could be
watching sons of thunder which tells the
story of bikers getting into fights and
shooting people but also spreading the
good word of our Lord Jesus Christ or if
you really like the look of Mad Max fury
road but were put off by the distinct
lack of Bible verses in your
post-apocalyptic motor carnage movie
perhaps you'd consider watching its
high-octane and righteous cousin
revelation Road starring none other than
our new best friend David AR white but
if none of the previously mentioned
titles tickle your bishop then maybe
you're more of a trashy reality TV
junkie
don't worry there's no premarital sex or
kissing or holding hands like like you'd
see in those schlocky garbage shows on
Netflix like love is blind dating around
all back with the ex no no no instead we
have more wholesome titles like sex as
God's gift and love your marriage night
but there is some less lovey-dovey
titles like how a marriage gets hijacked
now whilst the content we've looked at
so far is god-awful it was mostly
produced elsewhere and then acquired by
pure flicks to help beef out their
catalogue and doesn't even come close to
how utterly dreadful and baffling the
self-produced stuff is it's not enough
for King lizard David AR white to run
the company but he also needs to use
this platform to try and position
himself as some sort of filmic deity by
writing producing directing and starring
as the lead in over 50 titles and yes
you guessed it much like the other movie
err control freaks we've discussed on
this channel he's completely incompetent
at every single aspect of the roles he's
given himself of the 50 plus titles he's
worked on he pretty much always
positions himself as the heartthrob hero
and if he isn't the one going around
converting all of the putrid sinners he
is the rough-and-tumble streetwise
action guy who's plagued by personal
demons and who has a revelation and is
converted into a man of faith where
other indie productions typically have a
strong reliance on bad CGI to try and
help them bring their ambitions to life
pure flix doesn't really struggle with
this at all because they've got Jesus
money and that means they can afford
sports cars private jet speedboats trips
to Thailand
you wouldn't be purposely writing these
movies so you can have extravagant
holidays as a tax write-off would you
David that's not very holy of you yet
despite the apparent bottomless budget
they still haven't managed to get a
handle on how to use a [__] green
screen but I'm just nitpicking now he's
even been dealing out the divine dollars
to dazzle some pretty middling d-list
actors into accepting supporting roles
like Sabrina the Teenage Witch Hercules
Superman Samwise Gamgee Alec Baldwin's
brother and they even managed to get the
one and
sergeant al Powell from die hard but
they all give extremely tired and
underwhelming performances is there
clearly comfortable in the knowledge
they can just phone it in and collect an
easy paycheck it would be completely
pointless of them to even try and apply
themselves anyway as the writing is so
abysmally dull and the worst part is
they always handle the inclusion of
faith in such a ham-fisted way it's
never subtly woven into the fabric of
the story it's always just sort of
plopped carelessly on top like the
sloppy minced beef in a Kay's cooking
recipe now I truly believe that being a
great comic actor is an undervalued
achievement
they're often disregarded and shunned
within the industry and not celebrated
with the same enthusiasm as they're more
serious peers although there are quite a
few prominent examples of comic actors
taking on the mantle of a serious role
and it completely changing the
perception of their talents sometimes
even to a career-defining extent Jim
Carrey in Eternal Sunshine of the
spotless mind
Steve Carell in Foxcatcher and most
recently Adam Sandler in uncut gems
these performances presented the true
depth of talent present in these actors
that had been long overlooked as they
were written off as just comedy actors
which is extremely unfair as I'm
struggling to think of any examples to
the contrary where actors who've
successfully built a career in serious
roles have managed to transition into
comedy with such immediate and
remarkable Flair comedy is [__]
difficult making people laugh is
extremely tricky and any slight misstep
can lead to utter catastrophe and so
when our lizard champion David AR White
attempts to make his own sitcom
it stands out shoulders above his body
of work as the single worst thing he's
concocted in the outstanding series
Malibu Dan the family man David in the
gang absolutely smash it out the park
with their side-splitting wit wacky
characters and hilarious situational
comedy
I've not heard this much laughter in my
entire life so this show must be the
funniest thing ever oh no wait it's just
a laugh track and I think whoever they
hired to press the canned laughter
button has [__] parking sensors the
laugh track is pretty much constant
throughout the entirety of each episode
Reggie
oli has a request holder I should get to
talk to holiday too I couldn't hear what
you said because he just interrupted you
Polly Reggie has a point even lines and
actions that are clearly not intended as
jokes are met with sudden explosions of
roaring laughter oh no generally
speaking all the tired sitcoms we've
come to know and loathe are guilty of
this to some extent but this is the most
egregious case of stock laughter
syndrome that I've ever seen show
business Dan in all limos and Learjets
this show also features the worst
implementation of a green-screen in any
of David AR White's projects and it's
not like they're trying to do anything
particularly outlandish like setting it
in ancient times or visiting an alien
planet it's literally just a simple TV
studio set and the dumbest part is they
would have been in an actual studio to
film the green-screen
ooh the first place sure you can afford
yachts and trips to Mumbai because that
benefits you personally but you couldn't
possibly spare a little bit of your
giant budget to hire out an office for
the day buy some basic props to create
your own TV set now we'll just hire some
freelance graphic designer to render it
all in a horrible cheap looking 3d and
dump it behind the actors jaunty angles
if I was allowed to choose anything from
pure flix to delete forever it would be
this [__] show while attempting to
present this body of work with a slapped
on plastic smile and act as if he's just
doing this for the righteous cause of
spreading the good word David really
wants you to feel like he cares about
you and your family and hasn't just
identified a gap in the market for him
to peddle his low-quality trash this
entire facade is a thin veil over what
is the single greatest ego trip of the
21st century you're smiling with your
mouth David but I can see that dead
gleam in your eyes you're clearly trying
to a
toan for something horrible that you've
done in the past what did you do David
it's okay
just tell us God forgives you whatever
heinous sins you're trying to repent for
it's okay just please stop making movies
kiss you're not good at it
now if you liked the look of any of the
movies or shows in today's video let me
know down in the comments I would
seriously consider any of these for
their own episode of junk film review
but I want to know what you guys think
first also it's cynics Naxos second
hooray I just wanted to say a huge
thanks to all of you for watching liking
commenting and subscribing as we've now
passed 60,000 subscribers which is
incredible I'm so pleased that my work
has managed to reach such an insane
amount of people and you've all been
really supportive and lovely and it's
just the greatest feeling ever so thank
you all so much for making this a
possibility see you in the next one